Update documentation to 0.902 (#11)
Neogoma/stardust-SDK-doc: developer/api/1-map.md

# Map endpoints

## GET Batches
```
https://stardust.neogoma.com/api/v1/map/batches/:id
```

This endpoint allows the user to get all the mapping data of the map.

<!-- tabs:start -->

### ** Request **

**Path Parameters**

| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| id | string | The ID of the Stardust map you want to get data for | YES |

### ** Response **

**200: OK**

Data successfully retrieved.

**Note**: The quaternion field of the anchor is a json string containing the Quaternion rotation of the anchor.

> ```js

Reviewer: Should be json but it seems docsify doesn't have color syntax on json...

            },
            ...
            ,
            {
                "x": -0.1220546,
                "y": 0.127442,
                "z": -0.03395549,
                "quaternion": "{\"x\":0.08376258611679077,\"y\":-0.169703409075737,\"z\":-0.0076171765103936199,\"w\":0.9818994998931885}",
                "created_at": "2022-03-18T06:55:37.000000Z",
                "updated_at": "2022-03-18T06:55:37.000000Z"
            },
           
        ]
    }
]
```

**404: Not found**

Requested ID doesn't match any map.
```js
{
    "status": 404,
    "data": "Map does not exist"
}
```
<!-- tabs:end -->

## GET Exists
```
https://stardust.neogoma.com/api/v1/map/exists/:id
```

This endpoint allows the user to know if a map exists or not.

<!-- tabs:start -->

### ** Request **

**Path Parameters**

| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| id | string | The ID of the Stardust map you want to get data for | YES |

### ** Response **

**200: OK**

Data successfully retrieved.

```
0 if the map doesn't exist
1 otherwise
```
<!-- tabs:end -->

## GET Point Cloud
```
https://stardust.neogoma.com/api/v1/map/point_cloud/:id
```

> This endpoint downloads the point cloud of the map on CSV format. (If the map has NO point cloud calculated yet, this endpoint **WILL NOT** work.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint downloads the point cloud of the map in CSV format. (If the map has NO point cloud calculated yet, this endpoint will return a HTTP 404 not found error.)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint downloads the point cloud of the map in CSV format. (If the map does NOT have a point cloud calculated yet, this endpoint will return a HTTP 404 not found error.)
```

<!-- tabs:start -->

### ** Request **

**Path Parameters**

| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| id | string | The ID of the Stardust map you want to get point cloud for | YES |

#### ** Response **

**200: OK**

CSV file containing the list of all the points position and their color. Note that the RGB colors are normalized (between 0 and 1).

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csv
```
